{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 1. What is the difference between int and const int? \
An int is an integer where the value can be change throughout a program. The const int is a constant integer that will remain unchanged, like the value of pi. \
\
2. What is the difference between a function declaration and a function definition? \
A function declaration is when a functions declares the name of the function and the type it returns. A function definition defines the function itself.\
\
3. What is wrong with the following C++ code? How would you fix it? int sum; for(int i=0; i<1000; ++i) \{ sum += i; \} printf("Sum of 0 to 999 is %d\\n", sum); \
The variable sum is not initialized, so the code should be int sum =0;\
\
4. What is wrong with the following code and how would you fix it? int n = 1; if(n = 0) \{ print("n is zero\\n"); \} \
In the if statement should be n ==0. The print statement should be printf.\
\
5. What is wrong with the following code and how would you fix it? int* ptr = nullptr; scanf("%d", ptr); printf("You entered %d", *ptr); \
The scanf should be ptr*\
\
6. What is the difference between the * and & operators? \
The * operator dereferences a pointer and it will return the contents that were in the memory location. The & returns a pointer to the memory location of  a variable. \
\
7. Describe what each of the following declare: \
(a) int* a; \
declared a pointer and if you dereference it will be an int.\
(b) const int b; \
declared a constant integer to b. \
(c) const int* c; \
declares a pointer to a contant integer\
(d) int* const d; \
declared a constant pointer to an integer\
(e) const int* const e;\
declared a constant pointer to a constant integer.}