{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2509
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13720\viewh10240\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Homework 9 Short Answers\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 1. What is the difference between \'93down casting\'94 and \'93upcasting\'94?\
Downcasting is used to convert an object back to a subclass while upcasting does the opposite\
and refers to the object as a superclass. \
2. Why would you mark a method virtual? Why wouldn\'92t you?\
A virtual method will allow the subclass to override the method that is used in the superclass.\
3. What is the difference between a dynamic cast and a static cast? Why would you use one over the other?\
Dynamic cast is slower but it work the same as casting in Java because it looks at the object and checks if it is legal to cast to the requested type. Static casting is considered dangerous because if two superclasses are present the cast will be forced. \
4. When might you use a const cast?\
The const cast will be present when calling a library where the author should have marked some methods as const. \
5. Suppose you have Frui base class and a Banana subclass. Suppose you have a banana declared like this:\
banana b;\
What is the difference between what happens when you pass your banana to a method declared like this:\
void eat(Fruit f);\
vs. one declared like this:\
void eat (const Fruit& f);\
Passing the the Fruit f the functions is only getting a copy of the object not the banana. The eat method will get executed. The const argument will take the reference to the const Fruit object executing the eat method in bananna class. \
6. What is the difference how java and C++ handle multiple inheritance?\
Java will only have one parent for each class. C++ a class can vary from no parent to multiple parents. The solution is to have a virtual methods and a superclass with no data. \
7. program}